======== build system matrix ==============================
D:\temp\newspot>c:\Users\Richard\OneDrive\toGit2\bin\readspot.exe spot_map petSM.raw 0 99 0.1 63 1 0
file spot_map000.raw read
file petSM.raw written
file spot_map001.raw read
file petSM.raw appended
file spot_map002.raw read
file petSM.raw appended
file spot_map003.raw read
file petSM.raw appended
file spot_map004.raw read
file petSM.raw appended
file spot_map005.raw read
file petSM.raw appended
file spot_map006.raw read
file petSM.raw appended
file spot_map007.raw read
file petSM.raw appended
file spot_map008.raw read
file petSM.raw appended
file spot_map009.raw read
file petSM.raw appended
file spot_map010.raw read
file petSM.raw appended
file spot_map011.raw read
file petSM.raw appended
file spot_map012.raw read
file petSM.raw appended
file spot_map013.raw read
file petSM.raw appended
file spot_map014.raw read
file petSM.raw appended
file spot_map015.raw read
file petSM.raw appended
file spot_map016.raw read
file petSM.raw appended
file spot_map017.raw read
file petSM.raw appended
file spot_map018.raw read
file petSM.raw appended
file spot_map019.raw read
file petSM.raw appended
file spot_map020.raw read
file petSM.raw appended
file spot_map021.raw read
file petSM.raw appended
file spot_map022.raw read
file petSM.raw appended
file spot_map023.raw read
file petSM.raw appended
file spot_map024.raw read
file petSM.raw appended
file spot_map025.raw read
file petSM.raw appended
file spot_map026.raw read
file petSM.raw appended
file spot_map027.raw read
file petSM.raw appended
file spot_map028.raw read
file petSM.raw appended
file spot_map029.raw read
file petSM.raw appended
file spot_map030.raw read
file petSM.raw appended
file spot_map031.raw read
file petSM.raw appended
file spot_map032.raw read
file petSM.raw appended
file spot_map033.raw read
file petSM.raw appended
file spot_map034.raw read
file petSM.raw appended
file spot_map035.raw read
file petSM.raw appended
file spot_map036.raw read
file petSM.raw appended
file spot_map037.raw read
file petSM.raw appended
file spot_map038.raw read
file petSM.raw appended
file spot_map039.raw read
file petSM.raw appended
file spot_map040.raw read
file petSM.raw appended
file spot_map041.raw read
file petSM.raw appended
file spot_map042.raw read
file petSM.raw appended
file spot_map043.raw read
file petSM.raw appended
file spot_map044.raw read
file petSM.raw appended
file spot_map045.raw read
file petSM.raw appended
file spot_map046.raw read
file petSM.raw appended
file spot_map047.raw read
file petSM.raw appended
file spot_map048.raw read
file petSM.raw appended
file spot_map049.raw read
file petSM.raw appended
file spot_map050.raw read
file petSM.raw appended
file spot_map051.raw read
file petSM.raw appended
file spot_map052.raw read
file petSM.raw appended
file spot_map053.raw read
file petSM.raw appended
file spot_map054.raw read
file petSM.raw appended
file spot_map055.raw read
file petSM.raw appended
file spot_map056.raw read
file petSM.raw appended
file spot_map057.raw read
file petSM.raw appended
file spot_map058.raw read
file petSM.raw appended
file spot_map059.raw read
file petSM.raw appended
file spot_map060.raw read
file petSM.raw appended
file spot_map061.raw read
file petSM.raw appended
file spot_map062.raw read
file petSM.raw appended
file spot_map063.raw read
file petSM.raw appended
file spot_map064.raw read
file petSM.raw appended
file spot_map065.raw read
file petSM.raw appended
file spot_map066.raw read
file petSM.raw appended
file spot_map067.raw read
file petSM.raw appended
file spot_map068.raw read
file petSM.raw appended
file spot_map069.raw read
file petSM.raw appended
file spot_map070.raw read
file petSM.raw appended
file spot_map071.raw read
file petSM.raw appended
file spot_map072.raw read
file petSM.raw appended
file spot_map073.raw read
file petSM.raw appended
file spot_map074.raw read
file petSM.raw appended
file spot_map075.raw read
file petSM.raw appended
file spot_map076.raw read
file petSM.raw appended
file spot_map077.raw read
file petSM.raw appended
file spot_map078.raw read
file petSM.raw appended
file spot_map079.raw read
file petSM.raw appended
file spot_map080.raw read
file petSM.raw appended
file spot_map081.raw read
file petSM.raw appended
file spot_map082.raw read
file petSM.raw appended
file spot_map083.raw read
file petSM.raw appended
file spot_map084.raw read
file petSM.raw appended
file spot_map085.raw read
file petSM.raw appended
file spot_map086.raw read
file petSM.raw appended
file spot_map087.raw read
file petSM.raw appended
file spot_map088.raw read
file petSM.raw appended
file spot_map089.raw read
file petSM.raw appended
file spot_map090.raw read
file petSM.raw appended
file spot_map091.raw read
file petSM.raw appended
file spot_map092.raw read
file petSM.raw appended
file spot_map093.raw read
file petSM.raw appended
file spot_map094.raw read
file petSM.raw appended
file spot_map095.raw read
file petSM.raw appended
file spot_map096.raw read
file petSM.raw appended
file spot_map097.raw read
file petSM.raw appended
file spot_map098.raw read
file petSM.raw appended
file spot_map099.raw read
file petSM.raw appended
file smtab_rings000-099.raw written
size of sm_file 100 rings 12829371 records
========================== rename associated index file (smtab) ===========================================
D:\temp\newspot>ren smtab_rings000-099.raw petSMtab.raw

========================================= end ===========================================================